Add BrandSelect component (#575)
seek-oss/wingman: fe/lib/components/BrandSelect/README.md

# BrandSelect

A BrandSelect component that provides a paginated selection of brands associated with the specified hirer.

## Installation

```shell
yarn add wingman-fe
```

## Brand Select Widget

> The BrandSelect widget abstracts the `advertisementBrandings` query on SEEK API and provides a select input that returns a full list of advertisement brandings associated with the specified hirer.

Reviewer: "Full list" could be misleading when it implements pagination

- `pageSize`: A number of branding per page.
- `initialBrandId`: An initial [AdvertisementBranding identifier](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id) to be selected in a paginated list of advertisement brandings.

### Usage

#### Default usage

```javascript
import { BrandSelect } from 'wingman-fe';

// Higher component in tree wraps children in apollo provider
<BrandSelect hirerId="seekAnz:organization:seek:kLDHs7W7" />;
```

#### Default usage with Apollo Client

```javascript
import { ApolloClient } from '@apollo/client';
import { BrandSelect } from 'wingman-fe';

// cache and link set-up as required

const client = new ApolloClient({
  cache,
  link,
});

<BrandSelect hirerId="seekAnz:organization:seek:kLDHs7W7" client={client} />;
```

#### onSelect callback usage

```javascript
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { BrandSelect } from 'wingman-fe';

// client set-up as per the previous example

const BrandingForm = () => {
  const [brandingId, setBrandingId] = useState();
  return (
    <div>
      <BrandingForm
        schemeId="seekAnz"

>         client={client}

Reviewer: 1. Should this be `BrandSelect`?
2. `schemeId` looks like copypasta
3. Can we rely on an implicit `client` here as per _Default usage_? That's the typical case and we can strip this example down to focus solely on `onSelect`.

If this is getting overly tedious, I'd rather drop the usage examples than have inaccurate ones. We can investigate having Storybook-powered examples in future.

        onSelect={setBrandingId}
      />
      Your selected branding id is: {brandingId}
    </div>
  );
};
```

#### react-hook-form (controlled form) usage

```javascript
import { Controller, useForm } from 'react-hook-form';
import { BrandSelect } from 'wingman-fe';

// client set-up as per the previous example

const BrandingForm = () => {
  const { control, handleSubmit, setValue } = useForm();

  const handleFormSubmit = (formData) => {
    // submit logic here
  };

  return (
    <form action="" method="post" onSubmit={handleSubmit(handleFormSubmit)}>
      <Controller
        control={control}
        name="brandingId"
        render={({ field }) => (
          <BrandSelect
            {...field}
            client={client}
            id="brandingId"

>             label="Brandings"

Reviewer: Are these valid?

Author: No 😞

# BrandSelect

> A BrandSelect component that provides a full list of advertisement brandings associated with the specified hirer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A BrandSelect component that provides a paginated selection of brands associated with the specified hirer.
```

## Installation

```shell
yarn add wingman-fe
```

## Brand Select Widget

The BrandSelect widget abstracts the `advertisementBrandings` query on SEEK API and provides a select input that returns a full list of advertisement brandings associated with the specified hirer.
Read more about underlying [`advertisementBrandings` query](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/query/advertisementBrandings).

### Properties

Required

- `hirerId`: The identifier for the [HiringOrganization](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/HiringOrganization).

Optional:

- `client`: An `ApolloClient` instance. By default BrandSelect uses the client passed down via context, but a different client can be passed in.

> - `onChange`: Callback function that is supplied a [Brand identifier](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id) on brand selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onChange`: Callback function that is supplied an [AdvertisementBranding identifier](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id) on brand selection.
```

Extends:

> - You may pass through various HTML input field props including: `id`, `name`, `label`

Reviewer: This does not match the implementation.
